# PLCForge Terms of Service

**Effective Date: July 9, 2025**

This Software Services Clickwrap Agreement (“Agreement”), the last date the Order is signed by either party (the “Effective Date”), is entered into by and between you and PLC Forge Systems, Inc., a Delaware limited liability company with an address at 413 8th St NE, Atlanta GA 30309 (“Auto Intel” or “our” or “we” or “us”).  
  
Please read this Agreement carefully before you access the Services (as defined below), as this Agreement form a binding legal agreement between you and Auto Intel.  
  
This Agreement may apply to you individually, the business or other legal entity user you represent, or both. If you are using Services on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you hereby represent and warrant that you have the authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of such entity.  By accessing, registering for or using the Services, you: (1) acknowledge that you have read and understand this Agreement; (2) agree to be bound by them in their entirety, and (3) are entering into a legally binding agreement with us. As used in this Agreement and unless separately identified as applicable to either an individual or entity, “you” and “your” and “Customer” refer to both you individually and the entity on behalf of which you are entering into this Agreement.  
  
BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, EITHER BY CLICKING A BOX INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OR BY EXECUTING AN ORDER DOCUMENT THAT REFERENCES THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY AND YOUR AFFILIATES TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT USE THE SERVICE.  
  
The parties agree as follows:

### 1. GENERAL. 

The following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) provide for terms that are common to this Agreement, including all Ordering Documents and Schedules. In the event of a conflict between these Terms and Conditions and any Ordering Document or Schedule, these Terms and Conditions will control, unless expressly stated to the contrary in the Ordering Document or Schedule. All statements of work entered into in connection with this Agreement (“Statement(s) of Work”), and any schedules, exhibits, or other attachments incorporated herein, and any other ordering document incorporating these Terms and Conditions by reference are individually and collectively referred to as “Ordering Document(s).” An online registration or sign-up page also constitute an Ordering Document.  

### 2. SERVICES.

2.1 *General*. All services provided by Auto Intel under this Agreement (“Services”), including the Software Services, will be provided to Customer according to these Terms and Conditions, the Ordering Documents, and all schedules, exhibits, or other attachments made a part of this Agreement.  
    
2.2 *Services Delivery*. Except as otherwise set forth on an applicable Ordering Document, Auto Intel may provide the Services from any facility and may from time to time transfer any or all of the Services being provided hereunder to any new facility(ies) or relocate the personnel, equipment and other resources used in providing those Services.  

### 3. SOFTWARE SERVICES. 

3.1 *Software Services*.Auto Intel will provide Customer, and its authorized employees, contractors and other personnel authorized by Customer (“End Users”) up to the number of Credits (as defined below) identified on the applicable Ordering Document, with access to the software products and related services provided by Auto Intel via a web browser (or desktop or mobile application) and identified on the applicable Ordering Document (“Software Services”). During the Term and subject to Customer’s compliance with this Agreement, Auto Intel grants Customer the non-exclusive, nontransferable, non-assignable, and limited right to allow End Users to remotely access the Software Services for Customer’s internal business purposes in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  The processing capacity needed to perform the Software Services shall be in the amount set forth when using the Software Services (the “Credits”).

3.2 *Support Services*. Auto Intel will provide standard support for the Software Services to Customer at no additional charge (including new releases, upgrades, updates, patches, and bug fixes as they may, from time to time, be developed and made generally available as part of the Software Services).

3.3 *Reserved*.

3.4 *Restrictions*. Customer shall not lease, license, sell, sublicense or otherwise transfer its access to or use of the Software Services. The Software Services may only be used by Customer and End Users (and only the number of Credits authorized on the applicable Ordering Document). In addition, Customer shall not modify, create derivative works of, or attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Software Services. Nothing in this Agreement confers upon either party any right to use the other party’s Marks, except in Auto Intel’s performance of the Services. All use of such Marks by either party will inure to the benefit of the owner of such Marks, use of which will be subject to specifications controlled by the owner.

### 4. PROFESSIONAL SERVICES. 

Auto Intel may provide integration, implementation, or other professional services (collectively, “Professional Services”) and Deliverables to Customer each as agreed to by the parties from time to time or as set forth in a Statement of Work. “Deliverables” means all Creations that are delivered to Customer by or on behalf of Auto Intel as a part of the Professional Services, together with any items identified as such in a Statement of Work. “Creations” means any tangible or intangible thing or information, in any language, format or medium now existing or hereafter developed, and all tangible embodiments thereof, whether or not such creation is or may in the future be protected under any intellectual property right or considered Confidential Information, including ideas, creations, inventions, discoveries, innovations, industrial models, improvements, designs, methods, processes, formulae, works of authorship, products, compositions, displays, models, prototypes, samples, findings, documentation, specifications, abstracts, research and development information, know-how, procedural knowledge, industrial property, utility models, data, databases, metadata, industrial designs, mask works, Confidential Information, content, lists, electronic data files, training materials and manuals, user guides, drawings, techniques, computer software (in object, source, interpreted or other code forms), modifications to software or documentation, business information, business plans, technical knowledge, technical information, maintenance information, brochures, labels, papers, records, text, sound recordings, videos, pictures, photographs, audiovisual works, pictorial reproductions, drawings, or other graphical representations, and all other items with similar characteristics.

### 5. RIGHTS RESERVED. 

Customer and its licensors are, and shall remain, the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title and interest in and to the Customer Confidential Information, all Customer service marks, trademarks, trade names, or logos (“Customer Marks”) and any of Customer’s proprietary technology (“Customer Materials”), including all intellectual property rights therein. Auto Intel shall have no right or license to use any Customer Materials except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and during the Term to the extent necessary to provide the Services to Customer. All other rights in and to the Customer Materials are expressly reserved by Customer. All right, title and interest, including all intellectual and proprietary rights, in and to the Software Services, Deliverables, and all Auto Intel service marks, trademarks, trade names, logos, and any modifications to the foregoing (“Auto Intel Marks” and together with the Customer Marks, the “Marks”) (and all suggestions, feedback, contributions, enhancements, improvements, additions, modifications, or derivative works thereto and copies thereof) will remain in possession of Auto Intel. Customer acknowledges that the Software Services in source code form is the Confidential Information of Auto Intel and that the source code is not licensed to Customer by this Agreement or any Schedule and will not be provided by Auto Intel. No right or implied license or right of any kind is granted to Customer regarding the Services, including any right to use, reproduce, market, sell, translate, distribute, transfer, adopt, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer the Software Services or the documentation thereof, or any portions thereof, or obtain possession of any source code or other technical material relating to the Software Services.

### 6. FEES AND PAYMENT TERMS.

6.1 *Services Fees*. For the Services provided under this Agreement, Customer will pay Auto Intel the fees in the amounts set forth on the applicable Ordering Document. Unless otherwise set forth on the applicable Ordering Document, applicable fees will paid in accordance with this Section 6.1. Customer shall provide Auto Intel with its payment information when entering into the applicable Ordering Document. Customer agrees that Auto Intel and its third-party service providers providing payment processing services may store Customer’s payment information. Auto Intel  may charge Customer’s payment information for subsequent charges authorized, such as account upgrades or other special charges authorized by Customer. If the payment method Customer uses with Auto Intel reaches its expiration date and Customer does not edit the applicable information, Customer authorizes Auto Intel to continue billing that payment method and Customer remains responsible for any uncollected amounts. Customer will be billed for its first amounts payable immediately upon acceptance or execution of an Ordering Document in the amount set forth in the applicable Ordering Document. Unless otherwise set forth on an applicable Ordering Document, the Software Services are billed in advance, and are non-cancellable and non-refundable. After the Initial Term, and at the beginning of each Renewal Term thereafter, Auto Intel may adjust the fees applicable during the upcoming Renewal Term upon written notice provided at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or applicable Renewal Term, as the case may be. All fees paid and expenses reimbursed under this Agreement will be in United States currency.

6.2 *Late Fees*. Customer will pay a late fee of 1.5% per month (not to exceed the maximum allowed under state law) on all balances not paid when due. Auto Intel, at its option, may suspend the Services, in whole or in part, if Auto Intel does not receive all undisputed amounts due and owing under this Agreement within thirty (30) days after delivery of notice to Customer of the failure to pay such overdue balances.

6.3 *Taxes*. The fees and expenses due to Auto Intel as set forth in this Agreement are net amounts to be received by Auto Intel, exclusive of all sales, use, withholding, excise, value added, ad valorem taxes or duties incurred by Customer or imposed on Auto Intel in the performance of this Agreement or otherwise due as a result of this Agreement. This section will not apply to taxes based solely on Auto Intel’s income.

6.4 *Offset*. Fees and expenses due from Customer under this Agreement may not be withheld or offset by Customer against other amounts for any reason. 

### 7. CUSTOMER OBLIGATIONS.

7.1 *Technical Requirements*. Customer must have required equipment, software, and Internet access to be able to use the Software Services. Acquiring, installing, maintaining and operating equipment and Internet access is solely Customer’s responsibility. Auto Intel neither represents nor warrants that the Software Services will be accessible through all web browser releases.

7.2 *Use of Software Services*. Customer shall not and shall not permit others in using the Software Services to: (i) defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate or infringe the legal rights (such as rights of privacy, publicity and intellectual property) of others or Auto Intel; (ii) publish, ship, distribute or disseminate any harmful, inappropriate, profane, vulgar, infringing, obscene, false, fraudulent, tortuous, indecent, unlawful, immoral or otherwise objectionable material or information (including any unsolicited commercial communications); (iii) publish, ship, distribute or disseminate material or information that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability; (iv) engage in any conduct that could constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability for Auto Intel; (v) misrepresent or in any other way falsely identify Customer’s identity or affiliation, including through impersonation or altering any technical information in communications using the Software Services; (vi) transmit or upload any material through the Software Services contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, or any other programs with the intent or effect of damaging, destroying, disrupting or otherwise impairing Auto Intel’s, or any other person’s or entity’s, network, computer system, or other equipment; (vii) interfere with or disrupt the Software Services, networks or servers connected to the Auto Intel systems or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks or servers, including unlawful or unauthorized altering any of the information submitted through the Software Services; (viii) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Software Services, other Auto Intel customers’ computer systems or networks using the Software Services through any means; or (ix) interfere with another party’s use of the Software Services, including any parties Customer has done business with or choose not to do business with through the Software Services. Auto Intel has no obligation to monitor Customer’s use of the Software Services. However, Auto Intel may at any time monitor, review, retain and disclose any information as necessary to satisfy or cooperate with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. Customer shall use commercially reasonable efforts, including reasonable security measures relating to administrator account access details, to ensure that no unauthorized person may gain access to the Services.

7.3 *Compliance with Law*. Customer agrees not to use (and will use its best efforts not to allow its End Users to use) the Software Services for illegal purposes or for the transmission of material that is unlawful, harassing, libelous (untrue and damaging to others), invasive of another’s privacy, abusive, threatening, or obscene, or that infringes the rights of others. Customer is solely responsible for any and all improper use of the Software Services that occurs as a direct or indirect result of any act or omission of Customer. Customer will notify Auto Intel immediately of any unauthorized use of the Software Services or any other breach of security that is known or suspected by Customer.

7.4 *Professional Services*. With respect to any Professional Services, Customer shall have the following obligations set forth in this Section 7.4.  
  
a. *Customer Contract Manager*. Customer shall cooperate with Auto Intel in all matters relating to the Professional Services and appoint a Customer employee to serve as the primary contact with respect to this Agreement (the “Customer Contract Manager”).

b. *Access and Assistance; Customer Materials*. Customer shall provide such access to Customer’s premises, facilities, and computer systems and networks as may reasonably be requested by Auto Intel for the purposes of performing the Professional Services. Customer shall respond promptly to any Auto Intel request to provide direction, information, approvals, authorizations or decisions that are reasonably necessary for Auto Intel to perform the Professional Services. Customer shall provide such Customer Materials as set forth in the applicable Statement of Work or as Auto Intel may reasonably request in order to carry out the Professional Services, in a timely manner, and ensure that it is complete and accurate in all material respects.

7.5 *Delay in Performance*. If Auto Intel's performance of its obligations under this Agreement is prevented or delayed by any act or omission of Customer or its agents, subcontractors, consultants or employees, Auto Intel shall not be deemed in breach of its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise liable for any costs, charges or losses sustained or incurred by Customer, in each case, to the extent arising directly or indirectly from such prevention or delay, and Auto Intel’ obligation to perform will be extended by the same number of days as Customer’s contingent action is delayed.

### 8. NON-DISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY.

8.1 *Disclosure*. Each party may disclose to the other party certain Confidential Information of such party or of such party’s associated companies, distributors, licensors, suppliers, or customers. “Confidential Information” means any information that is of value to its owner and is treated as confidential, including trade secrets, technology, information pertaining to business operations and strategies, and information pertaining to customers, pricing, and marketing; “Disclosing Party” refers to the party disclosing Confidential Information hereunder, whether such disclosure is directly from Disclosing Party or through Disclosing Party’s employees or agents; and “Recipient” refers to the party receiving any Confidential Information hereunder, whether such disclosure is received directly or through Recipient’s employees or agents. 

8.2 *Requirement of Confidentiality*. The Recipient agrees: (a) not to disclose or otherwise make available Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to any third party without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, provided that the Recipient may disclose the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to its, and its affiliates, officers, employees, consultants and legal advisors who have a “need to know”, who have been apprised of this restriction and who are themselves bound by nondisclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Section 8; (b) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes of performing its obligations or as otherwise authorized under the Agreement; and (c) to promptly notify the Disclosing Party in the event it becomes aware of any loss or disclosure of any of the Confidential Information of Disclosing Party. Customer acknowledges that the Software Services and documentation are the Confidential Information of Auto Intel. The obligations in this Section 8 shall survive termination and continue for so long as the applicable information constitutes Confidential Information. Confidential Information shall not include information that: (a) is already known to the Recipient without restriction on use or disclosure prior to receipt of such information from the Disclosing Party; (b) is or becomes generally known by the public other than by breach of this Agreement by, or other wrongful act of, the Recipient; (c) is developed by the Recipient independently of, and without reference to, any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party; or (d) is received by the Recipient from a third party who is not under any obligation to the Disclosing Party to maintain the confidentiality of such information.

8.3 *Compelled Disclosure*. If the Recipient becomes legally compelled to disclose any Confidential Information, the Recipient shall provide: (a) prompt written notice of such requirement so that the Disclosing Party may seek, at its sole cost and expense, a protective order or other remedy; and (b) reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party’s sole cost and expense, in opposing such disclosure or seeking a protective order or other limitations on disclosure. If, after providing such notice and assistance as required herein, the Recipient remains required by law to disclose any Confidential Information, the Recipient shall disclose no more than that portion of the Confidential Information which, on the advice of the Recipient’s legal counsel, the Recipient is legally required to disclose and, upon the Disclosing Party’s request, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain assurances from the applicable court or agency that such Confidential Information will be afforded confidential treatment.

8.4 *Customer Data; Data Use*. “Customer Data” means information, data and other content, in any form or medium, that is collected, downloaded or otherwise received, directly or indirectly from Customer or an End User by or through the Services, but does not include any data collected, downloaded or otherwise received, directly or indirectly from any other user of the Services. Customer hereby grants to Auto Intel a non-exclusive license to copy, reproduce, store, distribute, publish, export, adapt, edit and translate Customer Data to the extent reasonably required for the performance of Auto Intel’s obligations and the exercise of Auto Intel’s rights under this Agreement. Additionally, Customer hereby grants to Auto Intel a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid license to use the Customer Data to develop, improve, train, refine, or reinforce the Software Services; provided, however Customer may affirmatively opt-out of providing the foregoing license within the Software Services. Any Customer Data provided prior to such opt-out shall remain subject to such license. Any Customer Data Customer warrants to Auto Intel that Customer has the right to provide such Customer Data to Auto Intel in accordance with this Agreement. Furthermore, Customer agrees that data derived by Auto Intel from Auto Intel’s performance of the Services or input by or feedback from Customer may be used for the purposes of analysis, including statistical analysis, trend analysis, creation of data models, and creation of statistical rules. The results of such analysis (“De-identified Data”) may be used by Auto Intel for any lawful purpose both during and following the Term. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, De-identified Data shall not contain (i) any Confidential Information of Customer, (ii) any information that identifies or can be reasonably used to identify an individual person, (iii) any information that identifies or can be reasonably used to identify Customer or its affiliates and their suppliers, or (iv) any information that identifies or can be reasonably used to identify any activities or behaviors of Customer.

### 9. RESERVED.

### 10. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND DISCLAIMERS.

10.1 *Mutual Representations*. Each party represents and warrants that it has the legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement.

10.2 *Services Warranty*. Auto Intel represents and warrants that it will provide the Services in a manner consistent with general industry standards reasonably applicable to the provision thereof and that the Software Services will perform substantially in accordance with the documentation under normal use and circumstances. 

10.3 *Customer Warranties*. Customer represents and warrants that (a) Customer will use, and will ensure that all users use, each Service in full compliance with this Agreement, and all applicable laws and regulations; (b) Customer owns or has a license to use and has obtained all consents and approvals necessary for the provision and use of all of the Customer Data that is placed on, transmitted via or recorded by any Service; (c) the provision and use of Customer Data as contemplated by this Agreement and any Service do not and shall not violate any Customer’s privacy policy, terms- of-use or other agreement to which Customer is a party or any law or regulation to which Customer is subject to; and (d) no Customer Data will include social security numbers or other government-issued identification numbers, financial account numbers, credit card or debit card numbers, credit report information or other personal financial information, health or medical information or other information that is subject to international, federal, state, or local laws or ordinances now or hereafter enacted regarding data protection or privacy, including, but not limited to, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.

10.4 *DISCLAIMER*. OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 10, EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR REPRESENTATIONS TO THE OTHER PARTY REGARDING THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND THOSE ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED AND DISCLAIMED BY AUTO INTEL. NO WARRANTY IS MADE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ERROR FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS IN THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SERVICES FUNCTIONALITY WILL MEET CUSTOMER’S REQUIREMENTS.

10.5 *Service Availability*. Actual service coverage, speeds, locations and quality may vary. Auto Intel will attempt to provide the Services at all times, except for periods for maintenance and repair or in the case of emergencies or outages. The Services may be subject to unavailability for a variety of factors beyond Auto Intel’s control including, without limitation, emergencies, third-party service failures, transmission, equipment or network problems or limitations, interference, signal strength, and may be interrupted, limited or curtailed. Delays or omissions may occur. AUTO INTEL IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DATA, MESSAGES OR PAGES LOST, NOT DELIVERED, DELAYED OR MISDIRECTED BECAUSE OF INTERRUPTIONS OR PERFORMANCE ISSUES WITH THE SERVICES OR COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES OR NETWORKS. AUTO INTEL MAY IMPOSE USAGE OR SERVICES LIMITS, SUSPEND THE SERVICES, OR BLOCK CERTAIN KINDS OF USAGE IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION TO PROTECT USERS, DATA, ITS SYSTEMS, OR THE SERVICES. THE ACCURACY AND TIMELINESS OF DATA RECEIVED IS NOT GUARANTEED.

### 11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

11.1 *Exclusion of Damages*. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN SECTION 11.3, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, REVENUE, PROFIT, OR DATA, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGE WAS FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

11.2 *Liability Cap*.  IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE TO AUTO INTEL PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.

11.3 *Exceptions*. The exclusions and limitations in Section 11.1 shall not apply to: (a) damages or other liabilities arising out of or relating to a party’s failure to comply with its obligations under Section 8 (Non-Disclosure and Confidentiality); or (b) a party’s obligations under Section 13 (Indemnification).

### 12. THIRD PARTY SERVICES.

12.1 *Integration with Third Party Services*.  The Services may contain features designed to interoperate with products, applications, or services not provided by Auto Intel, including, without limitation, the products, applications and services provider by an Authorized User (collectively, each a “Third Party Service”). To use such features, Customer may be required to obtain access to such Third Party Service from its provider, and may be required to grant Auto Intel access to Customer’s account(s) on such Third Party Service. Customer shall provide, and shall cause the provider of the Third Party Service to provide, Auto Intel with any reasonably requested information and materials needed to integrate the Third Party Service with the Services.

12.2 *Permissions; Disclaimer*.  If Customer chooses to use a Third Party Service with the Services, Customer grants Auto Intel permission to allow the Third Party Service and its provider to access any data (including, without limitation, data that may constitute Confidential Information) provided to Auto Intel in connection with the Services as required for the interoperation of that Third Party Service with the Services. Auto Intel is not responsible for any disclosure, modification or deletion of such data resulting from access by any Third Party Service or its provider. Any acquisition by Customer of a Third Party Service, and any exchange of data between Customer and any Third Party Service or its provider, is solely between Customer and the applicable third-party provider. Auto Intel does not warrant or support Third Party Service or other third-party products or services. Further, Auto Intel cannot guarantee the continued availability of any Service features that interoperate with Third Party Service, and may cease providing them without being in breach of this Agreement or entitling Customer to any refund, credit, or other compensation, if for example and without limitation, the provider of a Third Party Service ceases to make the Third Party Service available for interoperation with the corresponding Service features in a manner acceptable to Auto Intel.

### 13. INDEMNIFICATION.

13.1 *Auto Intel Indemnification*. Auto Intel shall defend Customer and its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and permitted assigns against any third party claim, suit, action or proceeding (each, an “Action”) based on a claim that Customer’s receipt or use of the Services in accordance with this Agreement infringes any intellectual property right or misappropriates any trade secret of a third party, and shall pay all settlements entered into and damages awarded against Customer to the extent based on such an Action; provided, however, that Auto Intel shall have no obligations under this Section 13.1 with respect to claims to the extent arising out of: (a) any instruction, information, designs, specifications or other materials provided by Customer to Auto Intel; (b) use of the Services in combination with any materials or equipment not supplied to Customer or specified by Auto Intel in writing; or (c) any modifications or changes made to the Services by or on behalf of any person or entity other than Auto Intel. If the Services, or any part thereof, become, or in the opinion of Auto Intel may become, the subject of a claim of infringement or misappropriation, Auto Intel may, at its option: (i) procure for Customer the right to use such Services free of any liability; (ii) replace or modify the Services to make them non-infringing; or (iii) terminate this Agreement and refund to Customer any portion of the fees prepaid by Customer for the infringing Services.

13.2 *Customer Indemnification*. Customer shall defend Auto Intel and its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, successors and permitted assigns against all Actions based on a claim that any information or materials provided by Customer (including Customer Data), or Auto Intel’s receipt or use thereof, infringes any intellectual property right or misappropriates any trade secret of a third party, and shall pay all settlements entered into and damages awarded against Auto Intel to the extent based on such an Action.

13.3 *Indemnification Procedures*. The party seeking indemnification hereunder shall promptly notify the indemnifying party in writing of any Action and cooperate with the indemnifying party at the indemnifying party’s sole cost and expense. The indemnifying party shall immediately take control of the defense and investigation of such Action and shall employ counsel of its choice to handle and defend the same, at the indemnifying party’s sole cost and expense. The indemnifying party shall not settle any Action in a manner that adversely affects the rights of the indemnified party without the indemnified party’s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The indemnified party’s failure to perform any obligations under this Section 13.1 shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under this Section 13.1 except to the extent that the indemnifying party can demonstrate that it has been materially prejudiced as a result of such failure. The indemnified party may participate in and observe the proceedings at its own cost and expense.

### 14. TERM AND TERMINATION.

14.1 *Initial Term*. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for the initial term set forth on the applicable Ordering Document (“Initial Term”), unless earlier terminated as provided for below. Thereafter, except with respect to any Statements of Work (which shall expire in accordance with their terms), the Initial Term shall automatically renew for successive periods of [one (1) year] each (each a “Renewal Term” and together with the Initial Term, the “Term”), unless either party provides written notice to the other party at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current Initial Term or Renewal Term of its intent to not renew the Agreement.

14.2 *Termination*. Without prejudice to any other remedies and in addition to any other termination rights herein, the parties shall have the right to terminate this Agreement as provided below:

a. By either party if the other party commits a material breach of this Agreement and such breach remains uncured 30 days after written notice of such breach is delivered to such other party including the failure to pay any fees due to Auto Intel; or   

b. By either party if the other party makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or commences or has commenced against it any proceeding in bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization pursuant to bankruptcy laws, laws of debtor’s moratorium or similar laws.

14.3 *Termination of Statement of Work*. Either party may terminate any outstanding Statement of Work without terminating the entire Agreement if the other party commits a material breach of such Statement of Work and such breach remains uncured 30 days after written notice of such breach is delivered to such other party.

14.4 *Effect*. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, all rights and licenses granted by Auto Intel hereunder to Customer will immediately cease. Within thirty (30) days after termination or expiration of this Agreement, each party shall return or destroy the Confidential Information of the other party.

14.5 *Survival*. Termination of this Agreement or any Schedule will not affect the provisions regarding Auto Intel’s or Customer’s treatment of Confidential Information, provisions relating to the payments of amounts due, indemnification provisions, provisions limiting or disclaiming Auto Intel’s liability, or any other terms which by their nature should survive, which provisions will survive such termination. 

### 15. GENERAL. 

15.1 *Governing Law*. This Agreement, the rights of the parties hereunder, and any disputes between the parties, shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the substantive and procedural laws of the State of Georgia, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. The parties expressly exclude all application of the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods to this Agreement. The parties expressly and unconditionally agree that any dispute, case, or controversy in any way related to, arising under, or in connection with this Agreement, including extra-contractual claims (a “Proceeding”), shall only be instituted in the State of Georgia and in the Georgia State-Wide Business Court, provided that if the Georgia Business Court shall lack jurisdiction over any Proceeding, such Proceeding shall be brought in any appropriate state court sitting in Fulton, Georgia or in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia (Atlanta Division) (collectively, the “Permitted Courts”).  Each party irrevocably: (a) consents to the jurisdiction of the Permitted Courts in such Proceedings, (b) agrees not to plead or claim that litigation brought in the Permitted Courts has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, and (c) waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have jurisdiction over such party. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH PARTY HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES (ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY PERSON OR ENTITY CLAIMING THROUGH THAT PARTY) ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY MANNER CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

15.2 *Conflicting Terms*. Notwithstanding the content of any Customer purchase order or any other document or record, whether in writing or electronic, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall govern and any conflicting, inconsistent, or additional terms contained in such documents shall be null and void.

15.3 *Notice*. All communications required or otherwise provided under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered (i) by hand, (ii) by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; or (iii) by a nationally recognized overnight courier service; to the address set forth on the applicable Ordering Document, as may be amended by the parties by written notice to the other party in accordance with this Section 15.3.

15.4 *Assignment*. Neither party may assign, transfer or delegate any or all of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that upon prior written notice to the other party, either party may assign the Agreement to an affiliate of such party or to a successor of all or substantially all of the assets of such party through merger, reorganization, consolidation or acquisition. No assignment shall relieve the assigning party of any of its obligations hereunder. Any attempted assignment, transfer or other conveyance in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

15.5 *Interpretation*. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) the words “include,” “includes” and “including” shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”; (b) the word “or” is not exclusive; and (c) the words “herein,” “hereof,” “hereby,” “hereto” and “hereunder” refer to this Agreement as a whole. Should any provision of this Agreement require judicial interpretation, the parties agree that the court interpreting or construing the same shall not apply a presumption that the terms of this Agreement shall be more strictly construed against one party than against another.

15.6 *Severability*. In case any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement should be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

15.7 *Attorneys’ Fees*. In the event that any action, suit, or other legal or administrative proceeding is instituted or commenced by either party hereto against the other party arising out of or related to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs from the non-prevailing party.

15.8 *Entire Agreement*. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all written or oral prior agreements or understandings with respect thereto. 

15.9 *Amendment; Waiver*. This Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each party hereto. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any rights, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. 

15.10 *Force Majeure*. Neither party shall be liable for delay or failure in performing any of its obligations hereunder due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including an act of nature, war, natural disaster, governmental regulations, terrorism, communication or utility failures or casualties or the failures or acts of third parties. 

15.11 *Equitable Relief*. Each party acknowledges that a breach by a party of Section 3.4 (Restrictions) or Section 8 (Non-Disclosure and Confidentiality) may cause the non-breaching party irreparable damages, for which an award of damages would not be adequate compensation and agrees that, in the event of such breach or threatened breach, the non-breaching party will be entitled to seek equitable relief, including a restraining order, injunctive relief, specific performance and any other relief that may be available from any court, in addition to any other remedy to which the non-breaching party may be entitled at law or in equity. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be exclusive but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity, subject to any express exclusions or limitations in this Agreement to the contrary.

15.12 *No Third-Party Beneficiaries*. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person or entity any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, under or by reason of this Agreement.

15.13 *Electronic Notices and Disclosures*. You acknowledge and agree that Auto Intel may provide notices and other disclosures to you electronically by posting such notices or other disclosures on Auto Intel’s website or by emailing it to you at any email address provided to Auto Intel by you. Such notices or other disclosures shall be considered received by you following the posting on the website or twenty-four (24) hours following the email being sent to you, as applicable. Any such electronic notice or other disclosure shall have the same effect and meaning as if it had been provided to you as a paper copy.

15.14 *Changes to this Agreement*. We may add to, change or remove any part of this Agreement, at any time without prior notice to you other than listing of a later effective date than the one set forth at the top of this Agreement. Such modification shall be effective immediately upon posting at our website (the “Site”). As your next visit to the Site or use of the Services may be governed by different terms, we encourage you to look for a new effective date on this Agreement when you visit the Site or use the Services. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. If we make any material changes to this Agreement, we will endeavor to provide registered users with additional notice of any changes, such as at your e-mail address of record or when you log-in to your account.

15.15 *Export*. Customer shall not itself, or permit any third party, to, export, re-export or release, directly or indirectly, the Services to any country, jurisdiction or individual person to which the export, re-export or release of the Service (a) is prohibited by applicable law and associated regulations or (b) without first completing all required undertakings, including obtaining any necessary export license or other governmental approval. Customer indemnify and hold Auto Intel harmless from any breach of this section.

15.16 *Relationship of Parties*. Nothing in this Agreement shall constitute or be deemed to constitute a partnership between the parties hereto or constitute or be deemed to constitute one party as agent of the other, for any purpose whatsoever, and neither party shall have the authority or power to bind the other, or to contract in the name of or create a liability against the other, in any way or for any purpose.

15.17 *Counterparts*. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.